DOC: Added a section in the 'Iterating over arrays' doc page on basic iteration. (#16760)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/reference/arrays.nditer.rst

Iterating Over Arrays
*********************

.. note::

>    Arrays support the iterator protocol and can be iterated over like Python
>    lists. See the :ref:`quickstart.indexing-slicing-and-iterating` section in
>    the Quickstart guide for information and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Arrays support the iterator protocol and can be iterated over like Python
   lists. See the :ref:`quickstart.indexing-slicing-and-iterating` section in
   the Quickstart guide for basic usage and examples. The remainder of
   this document presents the :class:`nditer` object and covers more 
   advanced usage.
```
